docs: update json jobs docs (#12766)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/hcl2/index.mdx

[jobs-api]: /api-docs/jobs

## JSON Jobs

> Since HCL is a superset of JSON, `nomad job run example.json` would attempt to
> parse a JSON job using the HCL parser. However when JSON formatted jobs are
> desired, the preferred approach is to use the [API's JSON
> format][json-jobs-api] and the [`-json` command line flag][run-json]:

Reviewer: I think having the bit about it being "unspecified" below the example makes it less effective. What if we moved that up here:

```suggestion
Since HCL is a superset of JSON, `nomad job run example.json` will attempt to
parse a JSON job using the HCL parser. However, the JSON format accepted by
the HCL parser is not the same as the [API's JSON format][json-jobs-api]. The 
HCL parser's JSON format is unspecified, so the API format is preferred. You can 
use the API format with the [`-json` command line flag][run-json]:
```

Author: Thanks! I like yours much better.

```shell-session
$ # Generate an HCL formatted job
$ nomad init

$ # Convert HCL to API JSON format
$ nomad job run -output example.nomad > example.json

$ # Submit with the -json flag
$ nomad job run -json example.json
```

> The HCL parser's JSON format is unspecified, so the API format is preferred.

Reviewer: Moved this line up:

```suggestion
```
